Skip to content
NEW BREAKTHROUGH PowerPoint Templates to Easily Create High-Converting Infographics Design!
Create Engaging & Killer Infographics With This 850+ DFY Infographics Design & Elements that you can use to generate traffic & sales

850+ DFY Infographics Design & Elements
100% FULLY Edited in Powerpoint
Ready-To-Use Template and Ease To Edit
Infographics are also a GREAT way to get viral traffic and backlinks
Drive Massive Traffic And Raving Fans To Your Facebook Pages, Pinterest, Sales Pages, Blogs, And Social Media
Commercial License to the entire package of InfoGFX Pro
GET Commercial Rights INCLUDED when you ACT NOW!
For A Limited Time, Only $97/yr
Get Instant Access To InfoGFX Pro Now
GET InfoGFX Pro for Just A One-time Payment!
Exciting, Viral Worthy Content You Can Share – Instantly
Get More Traffic, More Attention and Send Your Site Viral with Infographics…
How would you like to know the best way to get hordes of viral social traffic to your websites, engage your audience at peak potential, and significantly enhance your position as an expert in your field?

Look no further than Infographics!

If you haven’t used any element of Infographics for your business yet, then you are missing out a lot! And there is a high chance you are forfeiting a wealth of opportunities to your competitors who are using Infographics right this moment.

Infographics are arguably one of the easiest way to grow your business. In fact, innovative companies are adopting infographics marketing strategies to build their brand, reach more customers, build more backlinks and generate more targeted traffic.

Infographics are awesome because they can get a complicated idea or message across in just a few seconds. All it takes is a quick glance at a chart or graph, and you can get the gist of a simple idea in seconds. It’s much better than reading an article.

Smart businesses simultaneously distribute infographics on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and other social networks, blogs and websites to maximize their reach. It’s a GREAT way to get viral traffic and backlinks. People share them with friends on social sites, and the link points back to you.

So whether you need more customers for your online business, or wish to help other small businesses to get more customers you can only benefit from infographics.

6 Amazing Reasons To Use Infographics
Visually Attractive
People love facts, figures and statistics. And when you add compelling images and graphics, you have addictive content!

Worldwide Coverage
Today's online publishing is on a global playing field, and infographics can help you put that message across effectively... in a more exciting way!

Increase Your Traffic
An infographic that is linked and compelling by its nature will drive traffic to your website band blog as people share and click!

Search Engine Benefits
The viral nature of infographics makes people link to your site and Google will index your website higher due to Google's Page Rank algorithm.

Viral Worthy
Due to infographics attractiveness the capacity for them to be shared on social networks and become viral is much higher than ordinary text content.

Expert Status
The research required to create an infographic will display your knowledge and enhance your position as an expert on your subject!

But Developing Your Own Infographics
Is Expensive And Time Consuming
You have just a few options when it comes to your branding and personally I have done it all… Paid hundreds of dollars on designers who haven’t delivered the designs I wanted, worked with difficult software which takes months to learn and takes ages to actually create a design…

… And for all that hassle your wasting hours of time, when you should be spending that time actually building your business…

So whaddya reckon?

Does spending hundreds of dollars on designers or wasting hours of your time trying to come up with a decent design sound good to you?

Heck no!

We thought that’s a bad plan as well…

And that’s why we’re so excited to introduce to you…

Not really a viable option for people who need solutions now, right?

Well, this will no longer be your problem from today!

Introducing...
INFOGFX PRO

InfoGFX Pro is a collection of high quality Infographics design, templates and elements. The templates are easy to use, Designed only using PowerPoint, no need for complex software. The Package comes in 3 parts or “modules” with over 850+ DFY Infographic Design & Elements.

It only takes a few minutes to create unique Infographic Design. Choose the templates – edit text or color – save and publish. No Complicated Software or Additional Plugin Required. 100% FULLY Editable in Powerpoint.

Get Instant Access Now
No design skills? No problem…
The EASIEST & FASTEST Way to Create ENGAGING
Infographics Design in Just 3 Easy Steps...
Choose form our 850+ ready-made Infographics Design & Elements

Edit the text, color or add your own brand onto your chosen template

Export your design to jpg/png and publish it to you blog or social media

Here’s A Preview Of The Amazing Templates
You’ll Be Getting With This Package
Module 1 - 100 Infographics Design
* All design below are Editable In PowerPoint

Get Instant Access Now
Module 2 - 750 Infographics Elements
Come in 30 categories and 25 infographics for each category
* All design below are Editable In PowerPoint






























Get Instant Access Now
Module 3 - 2100 Vector Icons
* All design below are Editable In PowerPoint

Get Instant Access Now
"WHAT's THE INVESTMENT?"
Well first, let’s look at what you’d need to pay for similar templates elsewhere…

AND THOSE PRICES ARE FOR ONLY ONE TEMPLATE!
Why You Shouldn't Miss This Deal?
With InfoGFX Pro You Can Easily Create ENGAGING Content Marketing Design
that Looks Like a PRO Designed it in 5 Minutes...
No Need To Hire A Graphic Designer
No need for a big budget. Averagely, it is USD 50/hour to hire a freelancer.

No Need To Buy a Template for One Brand
A single template for Infographics can be sold for $25 just for ONE Brand.

No Need To Try to Learn from Scratch
Stop wasting time & money taking crash courses on how to create high-quality marketing content.

Remember, Our DISCOUNT won’t last forever…
take your chance while it’s hot!
GET Commercial Rights INCLUDED when you ACT NOW!
For A Limited Time, Only $97/yr
Get Instant Access to InfoGFX Pro Now
BUT WAIT!!! There's More...
I am sure that after checking out the contents of this incredible, one-of-a-kind Infographic Design collection
you have already realized the IMMENSE value that it has. Yes I want to absolutely overdelivery for you, that’s why…
I'm About To Give Away Exclusive Bonuses
Absolutely FREE - Only If You Act Now!

Fast Action Bonus #1.
Create BuzzWorthy Infographics
Step-by-step training shows your customers how to create buzz-worthy infographics for blogs, Pinterest, and more!

Brainstorming your infographic
Planning it
Deciding on elements to include
Creating your infographic
Finding tons upon tons of resources including links to free graphics programs
How to make it buzzworthy

Fast Action Bonus #2.
Viral InfoGraphic Traffic
Discover How To Get Eyeballs Back To Your Site Using Infographics …Starting Today!

This 9-part video course is designed to show you how you can get eyeballs and visitors back to your site by using tried and tested techniques on how to create a successful infographic plus tools you can use to help speed up the process!

Learn what an infographic is, what it’s used for?
Learn about 8 different InfoGraphic styles that you can mix and match
Learn 13 powerful techniques to make your InfoGraphics thought invoking
Learn tactics on how to get your audience to take action
5 neat InfoGraphic tools that are available for you to use
How to get started in creating your very own professional looking InfoGraphics
How to boost your visibility and get tons of visitors to your InfoGraphics

Fast Action Bonus #3.
Infographic Builder V1
“Infographics Builder PSD Kit V1” is a collection of high quality templates and graphics elements specifically for creating infographics. It comes in 3 parts or “modules”:

Module #1: “Master” Infographic Template

Module #2: Infographic Elements Templates

Module #3: Individual Graphics Elements

These 3 modules work together to make it super easy for you to create professional infographics.


Fast Action Bonus #4.
Infographic Builder V2
“Infographics Builder PSD Kit V2” is a collection of high quality templates and graphics elements specifically for creating infographics. It comes in 3 parts or “modules”:

Module #1: “Master” Infographic Template

Module #2: Infographic Elements Templates

Module #3: Individual Graphics Elements

These 3 modules work together to make it super easy for you to create professional infographics.

You See… This Is A Real Best Deal, Right?
You May Think Would Spent Over $47, $97 Or Even $197 For ALL These Premium Infographics Design. But Here… Today…

Look, you can modify our infographics design anyway you like. Use them in your offline or online marketing campaigns. Use them in your videos. Upload them to your blog. Use them in ebooks and in your reports.

Or do all of it. With 2950+ design files to choose from, you’ll come up with endless ways to use the infographics for countless projects.

Forget about spending hours searching for inspiration. With The Collection on your computer, stunning infographics are instantly available with just a click of the mouse. … and you can use them with complete confidence in all your marketing campaigns.

This pack contains unique infographics that won’t break the bank. There are no hidden costs … with our one-time fee you don’t have to worry about spending money for every infographics use.

Yes, for just a few bucks you can grab your hands on this miraculous goldmine of the most premium and trendy Infographics Design not available anywhere else! – That’s a crazy bargain! But you must HURRY… It’s Limited Time!!

The price is rise on every sale happened, take a chance to get the BEST – LOWEST price as you can!

GET INFOGFX PRO NOW!
JUST A ONE TIME PAYMENT OF...
BEFORE THE NEXT MASSIVE PRICE JUMP!!
00
Days
:
03
Hours
:
53
Minutes
:
45
Seconds
Get Commercial Rights
INCLUDED when you act Now
The Price Has Been Rapidly Going Up With Every Copy Sold.

30 Day money back guarantee!
INFOGFX PRO
Module 1: 100 Infographics Design
Module 2: 750 Infographics Elements
Module 3: 2100 Vector Icons
Commercial License Included
InfoGFX Pro - Premium Infographics Design Templates
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: What exactly is this?

InfoGFX Pro is a collection of high quality Infographics design, templates and elements. It’s Powerpoint templates NOT a Softwate, no After Effects or Premiere, no Photoshop, and no Plugin/WP Theme.

Q: How do I edit it? and How’s about compatibility?

Just open your powerpoint, click and replace with your own content.

InfoGFX Pro will work on PowerPoint version 2007, 2010, 2013 and the latest version. Also work in PowerPoint for Windows & Mac.

Q: How will I receive my order?

After your order has been processed an email with the login instruction will be automatically sent to your email, please check your email for the login instruction on how to access your ordered products.

Q: What is my license?

[YES] unlimited use on your on projects
[YES] use on your clients projects
[NO] RE-SELL IN ANY WAY

Q: What is your refund policy?

You should pay attention to our requirements, We Do The refund If there is an issue with the product and our technical support can’t solve it for you, we will provide a refund for you within 30 days of your purchase.

PRODUCT USAGE POST-REFUND: By receiving a refund, you agree to remove all files downloaded from our website, and all rights to use the product will be revoked. We reserve the right to decline a refund if the client does not adhere to these conditions.

REFUND PROCESS: send your query to support email: support@pixelergraphics.com, DO NOT dispute via paypal, all refund is processing by JVzoo.

REFUND POLICY: Our refund policy only applies to the first time you purchase our product. Second time purchases will not be permitted the same rights to refund. We understand that sometimes the timing may not be right when you purchase our product and you may return to purchase later, but please be aware second purchase refund requests will not be permitted. This is to protect our product and ourselves from individuals who may take advantage of our refund policy.

DUPLICATE PURCHASE: In the event of a billing error or duplicate billing, We will investigate the matter and issue a full refund if deemed necessary.

